Source: D. A. Millington & E. P. Greer, History of Cowley County, Kansas (Winfield: The Winfield Courier, 1901); W. B. Caton sketch at pp. 118-119.
Internet Archive item: historyofcowleyc00mill (open access, unrestricted).
Retrieved 10 September 2026. OCR text as published; obvious OCR corruption left in place.

=== Caton's Marble Works notice ===
community. in the history of Winfield, but feu institutions CATON'S have been more closely related to the residents of MARBLE our community or to the growth and upbuilding WORKS of our city, than Caton's Marble Works, having been established more than twenty years ago. Started as it was in a small way. it has kept a pace with tin- development of our city and is now one of the best equipped marble and granite works in the state. W. B. Caton, the senior member of the firm, has been actively engaged in the monumental business for about thirty-five years, beginning his apprenticeship at the close of the civil war, while his son Harry Caton, has been associated with him for a number of years, having served his apprenticeship under his father, and with his natural ability for the artistic part of tin- work, his splendid training, has done much to bringing the institu- tion up to the present standing. Both have been until mil- in in their efforts to establish and maintain a reputation for the highest grade of work, and while their many customers are their best advertisement a visit to their elegant office, display rooms and shops will convince any one that their SAMPLE ROOM, CATON'S MARBLE WORKS labors have not been in vain This tirm with their branch works at Wellington. Kan . is doing a larger business than is apparent to the passerby, as they ship their work all over the state and into Oklahoma and Texas, covering a large territory in every direction. The amount of business they do gives them a decided advantage in buying, enabling them to make very reasonable prices, which together with the unsurpassed quality of their work and courteous treatment of their cusl ers has won them sin-. -ess ami is constantly increasing their business. They manufacture and si- 11 everything used in beautifying and decorating the Cities of the Head, and invite all who may be in need of any thing in their line to call on them or see one of their traveling salesmen before placing orders. The accompj ing illustration is from a photograph of one of the

=== Mrs. W. B. Caton sketch ===
. F. A. A. and G. A. R. No 85 of Winfield i:s. \v. i I'uN Pll. by iTe-s The subject of this sketch. Mrs. W. MRS. W. B. CATON K. Caton, is a native of St. Louis. Mo., and was educated and mar- ried in that state. She is a graduate of the Missouri Female College, and came to Winfield, Kansas, with her husband in the fall-of .1879. During her residence in this beautiful "city of homes," covering a period of twenty-one years, she has been connected with various philanthropic and literary societies, in all of which she has held positions of trust. Mrs. Caton is the mother of five children, the eldest thirty-one the youngest three, while two little tots call her grandma. In 1880 she was chosen as a teacher in the public schools, which position she filled successfully for a number of years. In 1884 she became chief of the Degree of Honor, an auxiliary of the A. O. U. W. the first organization of its kind in Southern Kansas. and among the first in the state. In 1888, she was nominated and elected to the office of superintendent of public instruction by the republican party. And in the same year she was made national delegate of the Woman's Relief Corps at Columbus, Ohio. At present she occupies the honored position as .presi- dent of the Rossetti Circle, the largest literary organization in W infield and one of the largest in the state. She possesses those beautiful traits of womanly character which have given her a promiment place in Winfield society. She is an affec- tionate wife, a kind and loving mother and a woman of rare intellectual ability. Mrs. Caton shed many bitter tears after her arrival in the far west the land of the grasshopper, the coyote and the drought, but so dear to her has become the beautiful town, and so pleasant her social relations that she thinks she would needs shed more should she be called upon to leave Winfield, now. Photo hy Dresser Nearly everyone W. B. CATON men of Winfield. W. B.i" A TON Do you know him? Y< within a radius of a hundred miles know him as one of the most substantial business During the boom days of Kansas, even his whiskers expanded to keep pace with the unbounded prosper- ity of the times. The illustration only goes to show the many possibilities of Kansas climate and its environments. Mr. Caton is the senior member of

=== W. B. Caton sketch ===
a woman of rare intellectual ability. Mrs. Caton shed many bitter tears after her arrival in the far west the land of the grasshopper, the coyote and the drought, but so dear to her has become the beautiful town, and so pleasant her social relations that she thinks she would needs shed more should she be called upon to leave Winfield, now. Photo hy Dresser Nearly everyone W. B. CATON men of Winfield. W. B.i" A TON Do you know him? Y< within a radius of a hundred miles know him as one of the most substantial business During the boom days of Kansas, even his whiskers expanded to keep pace with the unbounded prosper- ity of the times. The illustration only goes to show the many possibilities of Kansas climate and its environments. Mr. Caton is the senior member of the Caton Marble Works, a kind, genial, pleasant gentleman, straight forward and honest in all his dealings with his fellowmen. He was horn in Delaware THE WINFFELD COURIER 119 county, Ohio. October 24, 1847. When quite young-, he with his parents moved to the state of Missouri, where he was one of the foremost to respond to the call of his country in 1861; first enlisting- in Capt. Reed's company, a local organization and later as bugler in Co E.2nd Mo Vol. Cavalry , known generally as "Merrill's Horse," in which he served until October 1865 when he was mustered out at Nashville, Tenn . reaching home just in time to celebrate his eigh- teenth birthday. The following spring he secured a position with as apprentice in the marble works of Boonville, Mo. In 1869, he was married to Miss Julia Blankenmeister of Boon- ville, Mo. Five children were born to them, Harry A. the eldest, being junior partner of the firm. In 1879, he with his family joined the caravan headed for Southern Kansas, land- ing one beautiful October day in Winfield which place has since been their home. Mr. Caton is a member of the A 0. U. W., M. W. A and G. A. R. and resides at 1702 Millington street. "Honor waits at labor's gate," is a GEORQE W. HARQIS maxim that will be pointed out as an incentive to hard work. It is especially applicable to the members of the legal profession, for in no other sphere is a greater reward offered than to the lawyer, who, by unceasing study and continuous application, earns for himself a standing among th