SOURCE: An Illustrated History of the Big Bend Country, embracing Lincoln, Douglas, Adams and Franklin Counties, State of Washington (Spokane: Western Historical Publishing Co., 1904), pp. 432-433.
URL: https://archive.org/stream/illustratedhisto01stee/illustratedhisto01stee_djvu.txt (OCR; lines 53786-53870)
RETRIEVED: 12 Sep 2026. OCR text, unedited except whitespace. Note: the PDF 'The Alexandria Catons' cited this sketch to 'An Illustrated History of Klickitat, Yakima and Kittitas Counties' (Interstate, 1904); that volume contains no Caton sketch - checked same day.

territory. 

Nathan T. Caton, now a prominent attor- 
ney residing at Davenport. Lincoln county, was 
born at St. Louis, January 6. 1832. His 
parents were George \\*. and Sarah H. 
(Moore) Caton, the father a native of Alexan- 
dria, Virginia ; the mother of Westmoreland 
county, Maryland. The paternal grandfather 
was an Irishman and served with distinction in 
the Revolution, and our subject well remembers 
hearing him describe the battle of Monmouth. 
He died at the advanced age of ninety-eight 
years. The father of Judge Caton, who was 
by avocation a tailor, was born in 1800 and 
passed away at the conclusion of the Civil War, 
in 1865. The maternal grandfather was 
Nathan Moore, a soldier during the War of 
181 2. He participated in the battle of Bladens- 
burg, at the time Washington city was burned 
by the British, and the mother of our subject 
was in that city at the time. 

The parents of Judge Caton removed to 
Booneville, Missouri, when he was less than 
a year old. Subsequently he was matriculated 
in the Columbia University, at Columbia, 
Boone county, but his father having met with 
financial reverses, he was compelled to leave 
college in his senior year, and before graduat- 
ing. He then entered a mercantile house as 
salesman and bookkeeper, and in 1849, when 
seventeen vears of age, crossed the plains to 
California, driving" an ox team. There he 
mined for a few months and early in the fifties 
went to Oregon where he taught school in the 
far-famed Willamette valley. Returning to 
California in the spring of 185 1 he remained 
there five months, then went back to the Wil- 
lamette valley where he was located when the 
act creating the territory of Washington was 


NATHAN T. CATON 


MR. AND MRS. GEORGE L. SNYDER AND SON 


WILLIAM R. GEE 


HORACE M. WARWICK 


HISTORY OF THE BIG BEND COUNTRY. 


433 


passed by congress. In 1,857 ,ie was appointed 
postmaster of Salem, Oregon, serving four 
years, when he was elected clerk of Marion 
county. He read law with Governor Lafayette 
Grover. who was later United States senator 
from Oregon, since which period he has 
practiced continuously. In 1866 he re- 
moved to Silver City, Owyhee county, 
Idaho, practicing his profession, mining 
and conducting for a time a newspaper, 
the Owyhee Bullion. With his family 
he came to Walla Walla. Washington, 
practiced his profession and was three times 
elected to the legislature. During his last term 
Judge Caton introduced bills creating Douglas, 
Franklin, Adams and Asotin counties, writing 
personally all of these measures and intro- 
ducing them. He was speaker of the house in 
1872. He served one term as prosecuting at- 
torney during th &gt; territorial clays, and in 1898 
was elected prosecuting attorney of Lincoln 
county, serving four years. 

April 14, 1853. our subject was married to 
