== Sedalia Democrat, 28 Jun 1936 (archive.org sedalia-democrat-1936-06-28), OCR excerpt
day with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jim Self and family. Miss Mildred Carver will visit a few days with relatives in Sedaiia. Mr. and Mrs. W illiam Bilderback and son, B illy W ayne, were out of town business visitors Tuesday. Jessie Tieman of Florence was a Business visitors here Tuesday. t ha rles and Em ery Myers were Sedaiia visitors Wednesday. Miss Genevieve Jones who lias been at the hospital in Sedaiia, re­ turned to her home. Children Are Guests Mr. and Mrs. Ed Barnett of Tip­ ton have as their guests their chil­ dren, Mr. and Mrs. Joe Barnett and daughter, Dorothy Jean and Mr. 3nd Mrs. V alter Barnett of Kansas MRS. BASLEE HOME FROM FUNERAL Mrs. W ill Baslee of Green has returned to her home after at­ tending the funeral of her step­ mother, Mrs. Nancy Jane Blevins, who died in Kansas City, June 17. Mrs. Blevins was born in Morgan county, August 3, 1849. She was married to Aaron Caton in 1869. To this union eight children were born, Georgia W oolery ,now deceased. W ill Caton, Gillie Caton, Alice Orr. Ada Johnson, Ida Mann and Bessie Smashey, all of Kansas City, Kas., and Eva Brown of Los Angeles, Calif. She also mothered three children of Aaron Caton by a form er marriage, Henry Caton, M ar­ shall, Mrs. Baslee, Green Ridge- and Lizzie Moon, now decea sed. There are sixty-two g ra ndchildren and 56 great-grandchildren survfv- Ridge l ^ - H er husband, Aaron Ca to n, wa s killed in a train accident a t Otter­ ville in 1885. She wa s a wido w 2 3 years, then married Cha rles Blevins who died in 1920. Mrs. Blevins had resided in Ka n­ sas City, Kas., the la st 3 8 years, Prior to that she had resided in Sedaiia. Motored to Colora do Dr. and Mrs. E. J. Fischer, a nd little grand daughter, Betty Lo u Burriss of Tipton motored to Co lo ­ rado, tliis week, for a v isit with their son-in-law and daughter, M * and Mrs. Lloyd Burriss. 9 Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Hodges of Sw eet Springs Mo., were in town Thursday on business. Miss Vena Shafer of Kansas City arrived Tuesday to spend a few weeks with her mother Mrs. Effie Shafer and family. Chester Neitzert of Camdenton, Mo., who form erly lived here, came W ednesday to visit his aunt, Mrs. H, N. Gillum and Miss M ary Mahin and his grandmother Mrs. Sarah Neitzert. Mrs. Alta House of Kansas Citv route Mr. and Missouri, are par

== Sedalia Democrat, 4 May 1956, OCR excerpt
 Cecil Smith, She was a member of the Smithton Methodist Church. She was preceded in death by four sisters. Funeral servk es w'Ul be Satur­ day at 1:30 p.m. at the Neumeyer Funeral Home in Smithton with the Rev. William Butts officiating. Burial will be in Memorial Park Cemetery, Columbia. Porter P*u Porter HoU, died Friday morning at Fulton. He was the father of OUie and Qy de HaU and Mm. Mary Butler, ^ sd ia ; Mrs. Effie Thrash, Eugene, Ore.; Mrr. 1 /^ Renken, Decatur, HI. and Luki Hansen, Ksuisi» City . Tbe body is being brought to the Ewing Ftmeral Home. Funeral ar­ rangements are incomplete. Mm. Virginia **J eimle” Baslee Mrs. Virginia “Jennie” Baslee. 8 5 , widow of the late WiUiam Baslee, died at her home in Green Ridge at 9; 20 a.m. Friday. She had been ill for the past three weeks. Mrs. Baslee was born in Cooper County Feb. 10, 18 71, the daughter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Caton. She lived practically all of her life in the Green Ridge community. She is siu-vived by four sons, Claude Baslee, Kansas City, Mo., James H. Baslee, LaMonte, Tom Baslee, Hastings. la., Joe Baslee Kansas City; three daughters Mrs. .Maude Wells, Mrs. George Ludlum, Mrs. Josephine Stalson, Glendale, Calif,, 11 grandchildren and 11 great-grandchilck en. The body was tak en to the Ew­ ing Funeral Home. P'uneral ar­ rangements have not been com­ pleted. Futur« Subscribers Son, to Mr. and Mrs. Lonnie Cramer, Houstonia, at 9 :40 p.m. .May 4, ^at Bothwell Hospital. Weight, eight pounds, IS ounces. Son, to Mr. and Mrs. Herbert W’aggoner, 2719 6 4th South East, Mercer Island, Wash. Named, Scott Alden. Mr. Waggoner is the son of the Rev. and Mrs, Ralph Waggoner, formerly of Sedalia, now of Ok emah, Okla. D A I L Y RECORD C ity Hos pifils Daughter, to Mr. and Mrs. Ger­ ald Broyles, Tipton, at Charles E. il. G. Williams, ,504 Sunset Drive; BOTHWEIX — Surgery: Daniel Bryan, 41* months old » on of the Rev. and Mrs. David M. Br>an, 919 South Ohio; Mrs. John Love, Lincoln; OvScar Alumbaugh, Ver­ sailles; Mrs. Qpal I.ee, 2247 East Broadway. Miss M argaret Dunn, 222 South Grand, May 2. Dental surgery: Edwin Hardey, Florence. Medical; Mrs. F*annie Carter, 5 07 East Fifth; Mrs. Morty Hig­ gins. 401 South .New York ; Mrs. Still Hospital, Jefferson City, April 30, 11:5 9 p.m. Named, Porla Jo. Mrs. B

== Sedalia Democrat, 6 May 1956, OCR excerpt
 Christian Church, officiat­ ing. Mrs. Jack Herndon sang “Good­ night and Good Morning” and "The Lord's Prayer.” Mrs. H. 0. For aker was at the organ. Pallb earers were William M. Wade, Harold Pittman, John E. Bohon, Charles L. Hanley, J. E. Norlin, and J. R. Henderson. Burial was in the Crown Hill Cemetery. DAILY RECORD Mrs. Virgtala •‘Jeenie*' Baalee Ftmeral service* for Mrs. Vir­ ginia “Jennie” Bosiee, » , who died at ho’ h<Mne in Green Ridge ilriday morning, wiH b e held at the Bagitist (Xiufch in Green Ridge at 2 p .m. Monday. The Rev. Ervin E. Benz, p astor, will officiate. Mri. Emmett Sims wiH b e in charge of the musk. Pallb earers will b e Junior Bae- lee, Glen Baalee. Harold Lee Ba* ee, Otis McNew, Frank Htrb tt and Oliver Neffendorf. Burial wiU b e in the Green Ridge Cemetery. Mrs. Baske was b orn in Coop er County, Feb . 10, 1871, the d au ^ter of the late Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Caton. She was married in Coop er Coun­ ty. Dec. 25. 18» , to William Bas­ ée. Mr. Baslee died Aug. 14, 1942. One son, Henry W. Baslee, died May 7, 1954. Another son. Ray mond Baslee, died in 1918 and Roy Baslee, son, died in 1919. One daughter. Sue Baslee, died in in- ancy. Surviving ore four soi*. Claude Baslee and Joe Baslee, of Kansas City, James H. Baslee of LaMonte, and Tom Baslee of Hastings. Ia.; three daughters, Mrs. Maude WeBs, Mrs. George Ludhun, and Mrs. JosefBiine Stalson, Glendale, Calif.; two b rothers, Will Caton and Gilb ert Caton; Üiree sisters, Mrs. Ada Johnson, Mrs. Eva On* and Mr*. Ida Huff of Kansas City, Kan.; 11 grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren. The b ody will remain at the Ewing Sam F. Pedege Sam F. Pedego, 60, Jamestown, died at the Oiarle* E. Still Hosp it­ al in Jefferson City at 2 p .m. Sat^ urday after having b een there less than 24 hours. Death was attrib ut­ ed to sugar didtiete* and heart troub le. He was b orn Dec. 23, 1895, son of the late George and Elza Pede­ go, near Prairie Home, and moved to McHiiteau County whoi he was a small chiM. Mr. Pedego was married to Miss Margaret Carlos, who survives. Besides his wife, he is survived b y two dauiihtoi's. Mrs. C^ial Clan­ cy of Jamestown, « id Miss gie Pedego, s p atient at the Tu- b eroulotis Hosp ital at Mt. Van- on; two sisters, Mrs. Roy L. Kay, of Cidifomia. Mo., and Mrs. Mar­ garet David
